---


---

<h1 id="core-meeting-1-july-30-2025">Core Meeting #1: July 30, 2025</h1>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Creative</p>
<ul>
<li>PowerPynt post: Design has to be ready by <strong>August 1</strong>. To be posted on <strong>August 2</strong>.</li>
<li>Jacket Designs: At least 5 jacket design options to be ready by <strong>August 6</strong>.</li>
<li>Council Posts: To be completed by <strong>August 6</strong>.</li>
<li>Website and Brand Guidelines: Develop new creative themes, and come up with brand guidelines by <strong>August 13</strong>.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Marketing</p>
<ul>
<li>LinkedIn post: PowerPynt post will be posted on <strong>August 2</strong>.</li>
<li>Brainstorm a reel idea for Powerpynt to be posted between <strong>August 2</strong> and <strong>August 30</strong>.</li>
<li>Reels:
<ul>
<li>Focus on creative and original reels, not just trends.</li>
<li>Work on Buzzfeed Unsolved style 1 minute videos on unexplored or lesser-known topics (have cameos from biotech, electrical peeps). Can involve 2 or 4 people.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Submission of orientation video to Elakkiya ma’am is <strong>August 15</strong>.</li>
<li>Tag BITS Freshers page for Powerpynt marketing.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Outreach</p>
<ul>
<li>Blogs: 1st blog being written by Saanvi, to be completed by <strong>August 3</strong> and Vaibav will write the next one.</li>
<li>Publishing: Post blogs on LinkedIn as well as Medium to increase visibility.</li>
<li>Website: Develop new content ideas by <strong>August 13</strong>. Emphasize organic, engaging content, reduce use of generic AI-generated text, use bullet points.</li>
<li>Periodic collaborations planned with RIT’s tech club. We need to plan further.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Events</p>
<ul>
<li>Membership Tiers: Finalize by <strong>August 6</strong>, past year options: Lifetime, Annual, Semester.</li>
<li>We’ll decide on prizes for Powerpynt in 1–2 weeks.</li>
<li>Form Templates: Make for workshops, competitions and also for post-event feedback. The deadline is <strong>August 6</strong>.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Tech</p>
<ul>
<li>Full plan for upcoming workshops to be prepared by <strong>August 6</strong>.</li>
<li>Ask Tarakeshwar for a Qiskit workshop, and include an OpenAI SDK workshop (API key can be provided by Venn).</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Sandbox</p>
<ul>
<li>Each team member is contributing to an open-source project, and eventually will work with community members to build something.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ideas</p>
<ul>
<li>Keep a theme per month.
<ul>
<li>Plan workshops, events, and marketing content around it.</li>
<li>Include monthly speed runs and pre-planned promotions.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Other tasks</p>
<ul>
<li>Create a Google Form to collect fun and interactive ideas for the website, deadline is <strong>August 13</strong>.</li>
<li>Follow up on FABC hackathon.</li>
<li>Create a Google Form to collect event ideas, deadline is <strong>August 30</strong>.</li>
<li>Collect requirements for ERP from all teams by <strong>August 30</strong>.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>

