
# DevOps Meeting #1: July 28, 2025
**👤 Participants:**
1. Vennela
2. Stellin
3. Shanmukha
4. Siddharath
5. Sreenikethan

This document is divided into three sections. Scroll to the end for Action items.

---

## 1. SmartLife ERP
- SmartLife wants an ERP, the plan is to use existing ERP "Odoo", and assign someone from tech team to configure it, install apps, etc.
- Use Three.js as suggested by Siddharath
- Siddharath is planning to make it as an internship under SmartLife officially, he's yet to talk to them.

## 2. MTC ERP - "Micromanager"
`erp.mtcbpdc.org` is where micromanager will be hosted

Workshops shall be free of cost for everyone, only competitions will be paid. This ensures open information.
Check out using [Aani](https://aep.ae/en/services/aani/) for payments within UAE.

Venn's ideas and suggestions so far:
- Flask + SQLAlchemy
- We'll ask the events team to create documentation with [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io/), which will be pushed to GitHub, and that will be integrated with the ERP
- Divide the ERP screen into two halves:
    - left half: dashboard common to all people, even non-members. Content such as workshops, etc.
    - right half: has a login mechanism, through which you can access 

Suggestion: Dashboard will be visible for admins/council, and not visible for non-admins (members, non-members, ...)

Structure of previous year's database, made out of Google sheets, assuming just BITS students:
1. list of ALL bits students (Email, Name)
2. list of MTC members (name, phone number, join date, nickname and other info)
3. sheet for each workshop (email of attendee, ). verify whether they're a member (w.r.t. sheet 2). This is just for analytics and possibly certificates.
4. sheet for each competition (email of attendee, ). verify whether they're a member (w.r.t. sheet 2) and collect payment accordingly

For an actual database for the new ERP, we wouldn't need the above 4 sheets, Venn will send more details later.
Suggestion: Move away from GSheets

Suggestion: Google SSO for BITS students, and create username+password for people from other unis.

## 3. MTC Website
- URL: https://mtcbpdc.org
- Try out Spline 3D for nice visuals
- Delegate Creative team to come up with Brand Guidelines for the website
- Delegate Outreach team to review and come up with Content for the website
- Delegate either Tech team or DevOps to make these changes

---

# Action items for ERP
1. DevOps team: Evaluate Tech stack options (Flask vs PHP+Wordpress, etc.)
2. DevOps team: Evaluate Payment options
3. Venn: Send database schema/outline

