<h1 id="sandbox-project-data">Sandbox Project Data</h1>
<h3 id="biotechnology">Biotechnology</h3>
<h4 id="project-1-drugdb">Project 1: DrugDB</h4>
<h5 id="track-forensics-and-drug-discovery">Track: Forensics and Drug Discovery</h5>
<h5 id="proposed-by-shristi-sudeep">Proposed by: Shristi Sudeep</h5>
<p>Building a computational early‑warning system in the form of a database that can predict drug variants before they appear in the market.</p>
<p>The problem arises from the fact that there is no proper database for new modified drugs that are synthetically made just by altering a few side chains of an existing drug and adding few additives; this makes it very easy to traffic these substances without detection because they don’t match anything in the current detection libraries.</p>
<h4 id="project-2-genegame">Project 2: GeneGame</h4>
<h5 id="track-genomics-game-design">Track: Genomics, Game Design</h5>
<h5 id="lead-sree-gouri-menon">Lead: Sree Gouri Menon</h5>
<p>Building a gamified platform for simulating genetic combinations and mutations, to help users understand whether mutations are dominant or recessive and if they have any effects on the individual.</p>
<h3 id="computer-science">Computer Science</h3>
<h4 id="project-1-spiking-neural-networks">Project 1: Spiking Neural Networks</h4>
<h5 id="lead-tarakeshwar-kommineni">Lead: Tarakeshwar Kommineni</h5>
<p><strong>Objective:</strong> To work on spiking neural networks for advancement in LLMs. We should mimic the vector embedding process. This project is primarily for people with a bit of a background in AI (more specifically LLMs and NLP).</p>
<p>Here’s some useful resources to get you started:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://norse.github.io/norse/">Norse</a></li>
<li><a href="https://snntorch.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/tutorial_5.html">snnTorch</a></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Outcome:</strong> Publish a research publication and build up better understanding on NLP &amp; SNNs.</p>
<h4 id="project-2-nlp-code-switching">Project 2: NLP Code-Switching</h4>
<h5 id="lead-tarakeshwar-kommineni-1">Lead: Tarakeshwar Kommineni</h5>
<p><strong>Objective:</strong> To benchmark codeswitching from English to Dravidian languages and find out why each language performs differently. We will be benchmarking all the results on different open source models. This project is primarily for students in Year 1 and 2, alongwith a few students from Year 3 and 4.</p>
<p><strong>Outcome:</strong> Understand why each model performs differently and why each language shows different results while keeping a good research standard for publication.</p>
<h3 id="electrical-engineering">Electrical Engineering</h3>
<h4 id="project-1-robotics-beginners">Project 1: Robotics (Beginners)</h4>
<h5 id="lead-murtaza-rangwala">Lead: Murtaza Rangwala</h5>
<p>This project has the following features:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Structure:</strong> small (made from pre-existing kits/cardboard/plastic)</li>
<li><strong>Software/Hardware Stack:</strong> use of Arduino, ESP 32, Raspberry Pi, small motors, servos and sensors</li>
<li><strong>Objectives:</strong> basic movement, line following, object detection (ex: maze bot)</li>
<li><strong>Pre-reqs:</strong> basic knowledge of Arduino and Raspberry Pi coding, willingness to learn, apply and build beyond what is required</li>
<li>Primarily for students in Year 1 and 2</li>
</ul>
<h4 id="project-2-robotics-intermediate">Project 2: Robotics (Intermediate)</h4>
<h5 id="lead-reuben-thomas">Lead: Reuben Thomas</h5>
<ul>
<li><strong>Structure:</strong> medium to large (metal/plastic/wood/plywood/cardboard/3D printing/acrylic)</li>
<li><strong>Software/Hardware Stack:</strong> use of Arduino, ESP 32, Raspberry Pi, Jetson Nano, cameras, various sensors, servos, DC motors</li>
<li><strong>Objectives:</strong> basic movement, plath planning, SLAM, ROS, CUDA (for Jetson Nano programming), object detection using AI, picking up/dropping mechanisms, sensor fusion</li>
<li><strong>Pre-reqs:</strong> any experience in coding/building with Arduino, Raspberry Pi, CUDA, ROS; any experience with building a bot from scratch; any experience with 3D printing</li>
<li>Open to students in all years</li>
</ul>

