<h1 id="sandbox-proposals">Sandbox Proposals</h1>
<h3 id="project-1-drugdb">Project 1: DrugDB</h3>
<h5 id="track-forensics-and-drug-discovery">Track: Forensics and Drug Discovery</h5>
<h5 id="proposed-by-shristi-sudeep">Proposed by: Shristi Sudeep</h5>
<p>Building a computational early‑warning system in the form of a database that can predict drug variants before they appear in the market.</p>
<p>The problem arises from the fact that there is no proper database for new modified drugs that are synthetically made just by altering a few side chains of an existing drug and adding few additives; this makes it very easy to traffic these substances without detection because they don’t match anything in the current detection libraries.</p>
<h3 id="project-2-smartgpu">Project 2: SmartGPU</h3>
<h5 id="track-ai-gpu-control-interface">Track: AI GPU Control Interface</h5>
<h5 id="proposed-by-reuben-thomas">Proposed by: Reuben Thomas</h5>
<p>Modern AI workloads rely on multiple GPUs working in coordination across distributed systems. However, telemetry (monitoring) and management (orchestration) of these GPUs are critical due to their high cost, power consumption, and mission-critical roles. Current control systems lack intelligent, adaptive mechanisms to efficiently manage these resources.</p>
<p>The project is about designing a software-based control plane that enables intelligent orchestration and monitoring of multiple GPUs in a distributed environment using AI techniques.</p>
<h3 id="project-3-genegame">Project 3: GeneGame</h3>
<h5 id="track-genomics-game-design">Track: Genomics, Game Design</h5>
<h5 id="proposed-by-sree-gouri-menon">Proposed by: Sree Gouri Menon</h5>
<p>Building a gamified platform for simulating genetic combinations and mutations, to help users understand whether mutations are dominant or recessive and if they have any effects on the individual.</p>
<h3 id="project-4-dnahotspot">Project 4: DNAHotspot</h3>
<h5 id="track-drug-design">Track: Drug Design</h5>
<h5 id="proposed-by-crystal-nazareth">Proposed by: Crystal Nazareth</h5>
<p>Understanding DNA-ligand binding interaction using bioinformatics tools and molecular docking software (e.g., AutoDock, Chimera). Modelling and predicting the binding affinity and interaction sites between DNA sequences and target molecules to identify binding hotspots via sequence analysis, structural visualization, and docking simulations.</p>

